we start with the war in Gaza where
Israel says its military has vowed to
continue its operations but admitted it
is protracted and difficult this is the
scene live over the Israel Gaza border
where we've seen continued bombardments
this weekend an Israeli military
spokesperson said it was expanding its
ground operations in the Southern and
Northern parts of the strip it comes as
President Biden has told the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that
there's a critical need to protect the
civilian population
including those supporting Aid
operations the White House said that in
a phone call between the two men Mr
Biden also stress the importance of
allowing civilians to move safely away
from areas where there's fighting Greg
McKenzie has this
report President Biden told the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that
as Israel continues its military
campaign in Gaza there's a critical need
to protect the civilian population
including those supportting in Aid
operations but Mr Biden said that he did
not ask the Israeli leader for a
ceasefire I I had a long s met now today
and this a private
conversation meanwhile in Gaza This Is
The New Normal drone strikes in the
Border Town of Rafa emptying the local
market 17-year-old Joe filming on his
phone still clutching his bag of
shopping and calling on God for
protection Israel launched its
retaliatory operation after Hamas
Fighters crossed from Gaza into Southern
Israel on the 7th of October killing
1200 people and taking about 240
hostages since then more than 20,000
people have been killed 53,000 injured
in Gaza according to the Hamas run
Health Ministry update this weekend says
another 2011 people had been
killed these gin are the latest
casualties rushing to K Yunis Hospital
following an Israeli air
strike Israel says it has arrested 200
members of the Hamas and Islamic Jihad
groups in the past week and has taken
them into its territory for
questioning Israel's bombardment and
ground assault has displaced some 1.9
million Garin according to un figures
over 3/4 of the
population but it's hunger that cries in
Rafa a city at the southern end of Gaza
as thousands cue for something to
eat these foods have run out at the
market so we can't find anything to cook
for the people perhaps today is the last
day we can provide food for the people
we appeal to the nation to provide Aid
to these people so they don't die of
hunger as the fighting continues there
is now a real risk of famine according
to the
UN as humanitarian Aid is only trickling
into the besieged coastal territory Greg
McKenzie BBC News